feature/nuvemshop-access (#2645)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/nuvemshop/integration.en.md

------------

Ready! Installation was successful and you can now receive payments.

## Revoke Mercado Pago access

When you revoke Mercado Pago access from the integrations section of your account, the connection between your store and Nuvemshop is removed. This prevents the processing of new payments until the integration is restored.

> RED_MESSAGE
> 
> This action cannot be undone automatically. We recommend revoking access only when you are certain that you want to disable Mercado Pago as a payment method in your store.

### After revoke permissions

If access to Mercado Pago is revoked, your store will stop processing payments through the integrated methods on the platform. To reactivate payment processing, follow the steps below:

1. Go to the **integrations** section of your store in Nuvemshop and follow the Mercado Pago installation flow to authorize access again. 

> For more details, check the documentation [Integration Setup.] (/developers/pt/docs/nuvemshop/integration#bookmark_configuração_da_integração)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, check the documentation [Integration setup] (/developers/pt/docs/nuvemshop/integration#bookmark_integration_configuration).
```
